JUD: Isn't right.
PRUDE: Isn't fair.
Isn't fit.
Isn't proper.
Won't last. Won't work.
Who does she think she is?
Who does he think she is?
JUD: A chit of a girl.
She'll be too grand to skivvy.
Too common to curtsy.
'Tis all cocky-eyed.
He's late tonight, Garrick.
Where can he be?
Sir!
Ross.
I was thinking you might
stop over in town.
I have a home, do I not?
And a wife.
I just sometimes forget.
That I live here?
That I'm your wife.
Well, let this be a reminder.
Why are you up so late?
I have chores.
Suppose I have
other plans for you?
Tell me.
Yes, Ross'?
Folks will wonder.
They'll not understand.
I don't rightly understand.
What?
How it came to happen.
This.
We.
You're not required
to understand.
You're required to accept it
as a fact of life.
So it's not to be a secret?
Why should it?
Good day, ladies.
Are we expecting a storm?
Storm of pilchards, God willing!
They're late this year.
And we do fear they missed us
entirely
and swung away to Ireland.
If that happens
you'll have nothing to see you
through winter.
And we'll starve.
Simple as that.
Let's hope it won't
come to that.
I'm not a magician, sir!
I cannot conjure wages
out of thin air!
The men must wait.
Did my father send you?
Why would he?
Read me the riot act?
Tell me what I'm doing wrong?
Or was it my wife?
Does she think I'm falling
short of the mark?
Is she wrong to be concerned?
What she doesn't know
won't hurt her.
What she suspects, might.
Gaming?
Whoring?
What gentleman doesn't
occasionally indulge?
This one.
Since when?
Since my wedding.
FRANCE: Your kitchen maid?
But Ross, surely you must see...
With such a wife you cannot
hope to have entry
into any respectable gathering?
You will cut yourself
out of society,
consign yourself to...
A life of peace and seclusion?
I must try to bear it
as best I can.
May I leave you to share
the glad tidings at Trenwith?
Demelza?
(coughing):
Damn me, he's done it now!
What the devil
can he mean by it?
I never thought you
the marrying kind.
Is she wealthy?
Not at all.
"GEORGE".
He could've had his pick.
Any number of eligible girls
from rising families.
Instead of which,
he marries his serving Wench?
It beggars belief.
It may beggar him.
He must be deranged.
How else could he lower
his sights so abominably?
Is she beautiful?
In a way.
In spite of all our assets,
we Warleggans struggle
to pass muster.
How will he fare
with a scullery maid on his arm?
MRS. WARLEGGAN: His family
will never forgive him.
Society will never forgive him.
CARY: Doors which were open
will be slammed in his face.
His ventures will fail...
And you can enjoy the sight
of him in the gutter,
along with his slut.
So you love her?
We get on.
VERITY: "My dear Ross,
I am the last person"
"to criticize your attachment.
"But I would like to be
the first to write to you
and wish you joy."
POLDARK: "I am presently taken
up with tending father",
but I hope soon to call to offer
my felicitations in person."
There.
We have at least one friend.
"Calling"?
Who has time to call?
What do they mean by it?
"Calling"?
I'll call 'em!
What?
You been giving me squinty-eye
ever since I got back
from church.
How else we must look?
We don't rightly know
who we looking at!
One minute she Miss Skivvily-
Scullery-Kitchen-Maid,
next she be
Mistress High and Mighty!
Do you think it's not as strange
to me as it is to you?
Do you imagine I ever
looked for or expected it'?
Come to think of it, 'tis
more your fault than mine!
How be that, then?
'Tis you have raised me up
and taught me all I know.
So if I'm fit for better
than I'd hoped,
blame yourselves
for educating me!
We?
"Educators"?
We made her what she is?
She have we to thank for her.
She still do all her chores.
And most of yours.
And 'tis better
than taking orders
from some fudgy-faced baggage
with drop curls.
POLDARK: Damn this ironstone,
is there no end to it?
How long till we strike copper?
If we strike copper,
it could be months.
Can we last?
With good will and good men.
And the power of luck beside.
We will need a rise
in the price of ore.
Else we are all
wasting our time.
This shareholders meeting.
Not a prospect I relish.
We're no closer to copper,
so I must appeal
for further investment
if we're to keep blasting.
But are they not
friends of yours?
If ever they were, they're
reconsidering the connection.
I would that I had
nothing better to do
than admire the view.
They'd happily swap places
with you, sir.
You have means
to last the winter.
Without the pilchards
they do not.
Those who cannot feed
should not breed.
PASCOE: I believe
felicitations are in order.
Your son John?
Recently wed?
To Miss Ruth Teague.
A determined girl.
My best wishes to them both.
But are we not remiss
overlooking the presence
of a bridegroom in our midst?
Oh yes, indeed, indeed.
Congratulations,
Captain Poldark.
You have our best wishes for you
and your young bride.
I thank you, gentlemen.
Now if you'll excuse me,
I must consult Captain Henshawe
before our meeting.
I confess myself uneasy.
His early skirmishes
with the law.
His contempt of court
at the last assizes.
Now this marriage
to his serving Wench.
You think him foolish?
I think him reckless
in the extreme.
Is a man that demonstrates
such a spectacular
lack of judgment to be trusted?
Is he fit to helm a venture
of such risk as a mine?
More to the point,
am I prepared to trust him
with more of my capital?
I am not, sir.
I can see no reason for pouring
good money after bad.
Come to me when you've struck
copper and I may reconsider.
Till then you'll see no more
of me or my guineas.
The rest of you share
his opinion?
I do not.
Nor do I.
POLDARK: Gentlemen, thank you.
I'm sorry we could not bring you
better reports.
You got the candles and twine?
And the muslin for the cheese?
Open it.
A book for you.
To practice your letters.
And ribbons to tie up
that unruly mane.
I know little of these things.
If they don't suit,
give them to Prudie.
Did I mention I wrote
to your father?
Oh Ross, you never!
He'll be that vexed,
thinking I'll never come home.
I told him your duty lay here.
Well, so it do, Ross.
Nothing's changed.
Nothing?
I do get less sleep.
And that's your only complaint?
I have no complaints.
I do, however.
Tell me.
You have yet to make
an official visit to the mine.
Oh no, Ross, I couldn't,
how would it look?
"Look"?
A kitchen maid
giving herself airs.
I see no kitchen maid.
I see a wife whose duty
is to take an interest
in her husband's work.
I do take an interest!
Excellent,
first thing tomorrow, then.
Harder, damn it, push harder!
Is this wise, sir?
Can Grambler not wait
till you're stronger?
Dr. Choake ordered bed rest.
Choake doesn't have a failing
mine or a son who's neither use
nor ornament!
I'm touched
by your faith, father.
Not sufficiently touched
to behave like a man
and the heir of Trenwith?
Father!
I never knew such ironstone.
It's impenetrable.
Our luck has deserted us.
Let's hope the pilchards
don't do likewise!
Mining and fishing
is our lifeblood.
Surely both won't fail.
POLDARK: Captain Henshawe,
you know my wife Demelza?
A pleasure to see you, ma'am.
Good day to you, sir.
No sign of those shoals yet.
Demelza's of
mining stock herself.
Her father's a tributer
at llluggan.
Perhaps you'd like him
to join us here, ma'am?
I'd as lief stick a fork
in my eye!
We do get on better
from a distance, sir.
I must be getting back.
The pies'll be burning.
We hope to see you
here often, ma'am.
DEMELZA: I was that
worried I'd show you up!
Why would you?
I've no notion how to be.
As you are.
What am I? A lady.
I'm not, and I don't know how.
You're a quick learner.
Nay, Ross, I came a day
at your behest,
but I shan't venture again.
Miners are my own kind,
but I'd not be
so kindly received by yours.
Judas!
I'll fetch him such a dusting!
Demelza! Oi! Guts!
Demelza!
Get back here, you
good-for-nothing viper!
Thieving, conniving!
Half a morn I labored
at that pie, you lizard!
Demelza, leave him be!
Think to fox me, would you, hmm?
You'll have to be
quicker than that!
Damn me if a man can't take
a fair morsel now and then.
I told you to stop,
did you not hear me?
Yes, but...
I cannot have my wife
wrestling a manservant.
It's unbecoming.
No, Ross.
I see it is not dignified.
I'll remember next time.
There'll be no next time.
There's only one way to remind
you you're no longer a servant.
But you'll do all the arranging?
I will not.
You are mistress of Nampara.
It's for you to engage
your own servants.
JINNY:
I'll serve you gladly, ma'am.
When shall you want me?
Tomorrow would be
quite convenient.
Yes, ma'am.
Thank you, ma'am.
Did she curtsy to me?
Get used to it.
No... I never will.
I must visit my uncle,
perhaps it's time for you
to come with me.
No, no, no, I couldn't.
There's... there's cows to be
meated and pastry to make.
From tomorrow that excuse
won't avail you.
How does the patient fare?
Lucky to have any blood left!
Progress is excellent.
If he continues
with my treatment,
he can expect to eat
a hearty Christmas dinner!
But how will you manage, Ross,
without a kitchen maid?
My wife has this very day
engaged another.
The cheek of the devil.
But your father
was no different!
The Nampara Poldarks
were renowned
for their disregard
of convention.
Good day to you.
Mmm...
We're so delighted
by the news, Ross.
Francis especially was quick
to see the advantage!
Father.
Of what?
A wife to divert you.
He feels it marginally
less likely you'll ride over
and steal Elizabeth from him!
(laughs)
Father!
Compose yourself.
(laughing continues)
Oh, my heart!
My heart, my heart!
Fetch the doctor.
Damn, Choake, promised me
Christmas dinner!
(door opens)
He's asked to see you.
I've lost all faith in this
world of ours.
And my legacy!
We both know Francis
is not the man you are.
Uncle...
Look after him for me.
Of course.
And our family.
And our good name.
You have my word.
He'll be missed.
Not by me.
Is it terrible to feel
nothing but relief?
Nothing I ever did pleased him.
Not even your choice of wife?
He always said she would make
a fine mistress of Trenwith.
And I an indifferent master.
You can still prove him wrong.
Oh, now I've come
into my estate?
Half of it's mortgaged,
the other half soon will be.
But apparently now I'm one of
the most important men
in the county.
How is it you be
not at the burial?
It is for fancy folks
and family.
Not for the likes of me.
Are you not family?
Ross might say so, but...
I know it is not my place.
What is your place?
Betwixt in between.
Neither one nor the other.
Need more flour,
stops it from sticking.
See?
AUNT AGATHA: I warned Charles.
Too many capons and custards.
Look at me, poached egg,
a little broth,
fit as a fiddle.
Better than Francis,
by the look of it.
CARY: Grambler must
be taking its toll.
GEORGE: Not to mention a young
morsel by the name of Margaret.
You dine there yourself lately?
My tastes are more
refined these days.
Are you not coming down?
I really cannot face it.
Nor I, but one of us
must play the hostess.
She didn't come.
His wife.
This isn't the occasion.
Will you give him
my good wishes?
Shouldn't you do that yourself?
I wouldn't know where to begin.
FRANCIS: "Unwell"?
Not even the thought
of a téte-é-téte with Ross
could persuade her? Francis...
She'll have few opportunities
with a Mistress Poldark
to amuse him.
You must be relieved.
HOW?
You're not the only one
to disgrace the family
by an unsuitable attachment.
Francis!
Consider yourself fortunate.
See what you've missed.
Dr. Choake.
Hmm?
Mm...
I've puzzled you out.
Was I so hard to fathom?
Well, I thought so,
but your recent nuptials
have made everything clear.
It delights you to thumb
your nose at society,
because you consider yourself
above the niceties
by which it operates.
Not above.
Just indifferent.
Are you pleased
with Wheal Leisure?
Pray do not mention it to me.
Mining's always a gamble.
And the gamester rarely
meets a Good Samaritan.
As in?
Someone willing to take a
worthless bet off his hands.
But should I hear of anyone,
would you be interested?
♪♪
What have I told you?
I don't require my wife
to crochet and sip tea,
but I do require her to remember
she's not a beast of burden.
Are you happy?
I am.
Then I hope you'll be
even more so when I tell you
who's coming to stay.
Come on through.
It's so kind of you
to invite me, my dear.
Would you care
for some refreshment?
Oh, no, please,
let me take care of myself.
The last thing I want
is to give you any trouble.
No trouble at all.
We've been looking forward to
your visit, haven't we, Demelza?
Yes, Ross.
It's a quiet house
since Father died.
Though Elizabeth plays the harp,
and speaks French
to Geoffrey Charles,
and I have my needlework,
Aunt Agatha her spinning.
POLDARK: And Francis?
VERITY: Ls...
often away.
This pie is delicious, my dear.
Did you bake it yourself?
Custard!
I'll go and see if it's set.
She thinks you a great lady,
you will show me what a mistake
I've made of marrying her.
Oh, what could I do?
I'm sure you'll think
of something.
Ross, no!
Where are you going?
You cannot just... Ross!
ZACKY: Blasted copper, it
is proving a devil to find.
POLDARK: Blasting is the word.
ZACKY:
It seems to be our only hope.
(hammering metal)
Right, boys.
(bell dings)
Some tea?
Oh, thank you, but no.
It's a little early.
Oh.
Yes, so it is.
Thank you, Jinny.
You know,
Ross is very dear to me.
What woman should ever deserve
him, I couldn't imagine.
So when I heard
he'd married you, I was...
Horrified. Relieved.
Before he met you he was...
broken.
Lost.
So I was relieved to think he'd
found someone to console him,
to save him from his loneliness.
But now I see it's more
than consolation.
You've given him hope.
A life without hope is bleak.
And a life without love...
Oh, it's not that.
You do not? Love him?
(sighs): Beyond anything.
But I could never hope
that he... that he...
That he would ever...
He's kind to me.
And when we're abed,
I have reason to think
I do please him.
Oh, I'm sure you do.
But I'd never call it love.
He's never used that word to me,
and I misdoubt he ever shall.
It's life's greatest treasure,
to love...
(voice shaking):
And be loved in return.
My dear, do you think I care
a jot where you come from
or who your father is,
or how well you curtsy?
I often wished I could curtsy.
Will you teach me, Verity?
(loud explosion in the distance)
(giggles)
(giggling): To the left!
Left, to the left!
No, to the right a little.
Well, make up your
blasted blathering minds!
POLDARK: What in God's
name are you doing?
We thought we should move it
into the parlor
so Demelza may learn to dance.
If you ladies
would give us leave?
(giggling)
Dip, one, two, three.
Dip one, two, three.
On your tip toes...
One, two, three, dip.
Dip.
Foot behind, foot behind.
One, two, three, step.
Step...
Napkin...
goes to the left of the plate.
And slowly.
Dip, one, two, three.
(giggles)
Good.
That man who used to meet
Verity here.
Captain Blarney?
Has nothing been heard of him?
Thankfully, no.
Oh Ross, the shame on you!
What do you mean?
How could you let them
part like that?
What the devil could I do?
You should've stood up
to your uncle for her.
Even now in her heart
she still hankers for him.
Then she must stop.
Why should she?
Must hope be buried
and love denied?
What do you know of love?
A little.
Is that all?
Then you must practice more.
(baby cooing)
DEMELZA:
Must you go home tomorrow?
VERITY: Francis needs me,
but I'll come again soon.
Did you really hate it today?
Oh, no!
I'm just afeared we spent
too much money
and it will all be wasted.
How could it?
Only that perhaps my measuring
might not be the same for long.
My dear, do you mean...
Oh, Ross will be delighted!
Don't tell him, not yet.
See, he's not liked me for long.
And when I get to waddling about
like an old duck,
he might forget
he ever liked me at all.
Ross forgets nothing.
If we're to find copper,
it is now or not at all.
Come to watch us set
our final fuse?
Will one more blast
get us through?
One more blast
is all we can afford.
(bell chiming)
(man shouting)
(birds squawking)
I heard the bell, what's amiss?
We must leave at once.
Quickly!
What is it?
Nothing, sir... Ross.
It's just...
What's the matter?
Sometimes... I do think
I displease you.
I'm used to giving orders
and having no one
to suit but myself, but you are
far from displeasing to me.
See, how would I know that?
I'll endeavor
to make it clearer.
We must go.
Make haste.
Where are we going?
(men shouting)
(happy, indistinct chatter)
(excited commotion)
POLDARK: Good catch, eh, Mark?
MARK: Handsome, Ross.
More than a quarter million,
they reckon before they're done.
I'm very glad; It'll make
the difference this winter.
It will indeed!
Night, Ross, night, ma'am.
Night, Mark.
Good night.
Everyone's happy tonight.
They like you.
Nonsense.
'Tis the truth, I should know,
I'm one of them.
You're a gent,
you don't despise them.
You help them, give them food,
and, work, and...
Marry you?
No, not that.
They don't know
what to make of that.
But they like you just the same.
And you?
Do you like me?
I could learn to!
And I, you.
(wind howling)
We're still not through.
I could swear
we're almost there.
But we're out of gunpowder.
And capital.
And investors.
How long can we continue?
An optimist would say
three months.
And a realist?
Two.
I must find more investment.
It gives me no pleasure
to tell you this,
but capital's short.
I understand.
Though I've kept my ear
to the ground
in case other speculators
could be found.
And?
Tom Choake has done you
no favors, Ross.
His views on your marriage.
"Ross Poldark, the loose cannon.
Too much of a risk
for the prudent investor."
I blame myself.
You couldn't foresee
as we'd hit such rock.
But I could foresee that
in marrying my kitchen maid,
I'd scandalize all I might
look to for capital.
Well, short of jilting her
and wedding a rich heiress.
Perhaps I was over-hasty.
But it's done now.
So how shall we order things?
We can last till the week
before Christmas.
(sighs)
Let it be the week after.
If I have to sell half my house,
I'll not ruin Christmas
for them.
(sighs)
(Jud drunkenly singing)
(all singing)
(door opens and closes)
From Francis.
Inviting us to spend
Christmas at Trenwith.
Oh.
What's the matter?
I... I couldn't.
You go...
Naturally we both go
or we both stay.
Ross, I aren't their sort.
They'll look down their noses,
they'll send me to eat
with the servants.
Do you think I ought to be
ashamed of you'?
"Us not that, but"...
You think they are
so much better than you?
I don't, but they'll think so.
Maybe not Verity, but...
Elizabeth.
You do her an injustice.
And me.
You?
To think I could admire someone
who thought meanly of you.
Do you admire her?
Elizabeth was born
to be admired.
And I was born to pull turnips.
(chuckles)
What are you doing?
Accepting the invitation.
(hammering)
What a sorry Christmas
I've handed them.
No.
You've handed them
near on a 12 month of work
they'd otherwise not have.
Welcome.
My dear, it's so good of you
to come to us.
May I take you
to meet Aunt Agatha?
Married, you say?
To my nephew?
Why wasn't I told of this?
FRANCIS: You were, Aunt.
I told you myself!
They never tell me anything.
And you, bud,
where are you from?
Llluggan, ma'am.
Who do we know from llluggan?
The Cardews?
You'll know Sir John, of course.
And the Perrins of Helston Hall?
No, no, ma'am.
Six generations
of Poldarks I have seen.
Now what do you think of that?
You think I don't look
old enough?
Quite right, too.
Now go and sit by Elizabeth
so that I can see
how you measure up.
Aunt Agatha!
Go on, child.
Go, off you go!
Hm...
A pretty little thing.
A mite coarse beside Elizabeth,
but doubtless she'll
polish up sufficient
when the need arises.
DEMELZA:
I thought she'd hate me.
I don't blame her, I mean I
probably should in her shoes.
Then you have less sense
than I credit to her.
FRANCIS: You think I don't
know what you're about?
Taking her under your wing?
Making her your friend?
Francis...
"Oh Ross, see how kind
and generous I am!"
"Look what a pearl you've lost!"
You're being ridiculous.
Am I?
(knock at door)
What's this?
Just something
I ordered from town.
No, Ross!
It's meant as a surprise!
It's just a family party.
No need to flig
yourself up for it.
I asked Verity
and she said it was right
to change for Christmas Eve.
Well, don't lace
your stays too tight.
They feed you well here
and I know your appetite.
You were very kind to Demelza.
Who wouldn't be?
She looks like a startled faun.
She's young.
And this must seem
very daunting to her.
You don't despise
my choice then.
What right have I
to despise anyone?
Besides I've too much
to distract me here...
Grambler failing and Francis
gambling away his inheritance.
I'm sad to hear it.
Oh, and worse!
Rumors...
No, reports,
that he has another woman.
Has he'?
If he has, he's an idiot.
(footsteps approaching)
I am ravenous!
When do we dine?
DEMELZA: I can scarce stand up.
Lord knows how
I'll keep my food down.
And they'll think
I'm that vulgar and simple.
Ross will be sorry
he ever wed me.
Here, let me help you.
I shan't lace you too tightly.
Thank you.
Trust your husband.
And yourself.
(knock at door in the distance)
Visitors?
At this hour?
We were just passing, Francis.
Thought we'd come and offer
the compliments of the season.
If we're intruding,
we can easily depart.
Damn me nostrils, though!
What do I scent?
Swan?
Partridge?
Mrs. Tabb, please lay
four more places for dinner.
TRENEGLOS: Ross Poldark
the famed recluse!
For all we see of you,
you might be Robinson Crusoe!
Oh, but he has his
Man Friday, dear.
Is she hereabout?
(quietly): Or should we
seek her in the scullery?
(scoffs)
RUTH:
An attempt on the king's life?
TRENEGLOS: Ambush for his
west good, no doubt.
I'm told it's worth more than
half the mines in Cornwall.
And the royal household servants
not paid for 12 months.
CARY:
I'm amazed no one's attempted
to sharpen a knife
on the king of France.
Well, give them time, sir,
give them time.
Dinner is served.
TRENEGLOS: Excellent.
(exhales)
(footsteps approaching)
Demelza...
Let me introduce you.
(indistinct chatter)
TRENEGLOS: Damn you, Ross, for
keeping this rosebud a secret!
RUTH: Hardly secret, John.
All the county was talking
of her in June.
Oh yes, ma'am, people dearly
love to gossip, don't they?
Ha!
Well answered, Mistress!
A merry Christmas
and damnation to all gossip!
VERITY (quietly):
She's on her mettle tonight.
POLDARK (quietly):
Overdoing the manners a bit.
Look at her plate.
She's hardly touched a morsel.
Too busy making conquests!
CARY:
What news of the mine, Ross?
Are we swimming in copper yet?
Not according to my father.
We have reason for optimism.
FRANCIS: Glad to hear it, Ross.
At least one of us
is prospering.
CARY (quietly): You believe him?
(whispering): Each way, we win.
Enjoy his ruin
or the fruits of his labor.
Our friend Choake
saw the wisdom of my offer
and sold me his shares
in Wheal Leisure.
(laughs)
(Demelza and John laughing)
How do you manage
for servants, Elizabeth?
Mama and I were only saying,
young girls these days
have such ideas always trying
to rise above their station.
ELIZABETH:
I haven't noticed that.
Perhaps you've been unlucky.
Well, at least I have
my own household.
My poor sisters
all lack husbands.
And truly, beyond the age
of 23, what hope is there?
I don't believe there's
ever cause to give up hope.
'Tis sometimes
a question of waiting.
RUTH: And seizing the
opportunity when it comes.
I bow before your expertise,
ma'am.
(Demelza retching and coughing)
(breathing heavily)
(harp playing)
♪♪
(applause)
Mistress Poldark, now you
must play something for us.
Oh no, I don't...
Not musical, ma'am?
Did your governess
not teach you?
Demelza sings.
Oh? Then we must hear her.
TRENEGLOS: We surely must!
♪♪
♪ I'd pluck a fair rose
for my love ♪
♪ I'd pluck a red rose blowing ♪
♪ Love's in my heart ♪
♪ A-trying so to prove ♪
♪ What your heart's knowing ♪
♪ I'd pluck a finger
on a thorn ♪
♪ I'd pluck a finger bleeding ♪
♪ Red is my heart ♪
♪ Wounded and forlorn ♪
♪ Any your heart needing ♪
♪ I'd hold a finger
to my tongue ♪
♪ I'd hold a finger waiting ♪
♪ My heart is sore ♪
♪ Until it joins in song ♪
♪ With your heart mating ♪
(applause)
FRANCIS: Good night.
(door closes)
(sighs)
It's a curious thing.
We envy a man
for something he has
yet the truth may be
he hasn't got it after all.
And we have.
Am I rambling?
Ignore me.
Merry Christmas, cousin.
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas, my love.
Thank you, Francis.
Merry Christmas.
That wasn't so bad.
POLDARK: I hope you won't live to
regret your choice of husband.
Why would I?
We may soon be destitute.
There are other kinds
of treasure.
(bell ringing)
What is it?
A rockfall?
(men shouting)
What's happened?
Copper!
Copper's been struck!
A monstrous load!
(laughing)
So how did I do, Ross?
You were not too ashamed of me?
Why do you think I married you'?
I don't rightly know.
To satisfy an appetite?
To save myself from being alone?
Because it was
the right thing to do?
I had few expectations.
At best, you'd be a distraction.
A bandage to ease a wound.
But I was mistaken.
You have redeemed me.
I am your humble servant.
And I love you.
I hope you will have
a little love to spare.
For what?
Our child.